well howdy there internet people it's Bo
yeah so tonight we're gonna talk about
national security we're gonna talk about
national security because John Bolton's
former chief of staff who I'm not going
to name penned an op-ed where he
criticized John Bolton's decision to
discuss this and write a tell-all I
don't understand the need for a former
national security adviser to publish a
tell-all book critical of a president he
served especially during a presidential
re-election campaign that will determine
the fate of the country well let me
start by saying I strongly disagree that
seems like the perfect time to write it
contrary to what is believed in DC
you're not rulers your employees your
bosses the American people certainly
have a right to know how you come to a
decision chief of staff now let's go to
the national security aspect of this
yeah keeping secrets is a big part of it
a whole whole lot of it relates to
keeping secrets however it's not the
information that is kept secret for its
own sake if the u.s. discovers the ins
and outs of an opposition country's
aircraft the details of that aircraft
well that's kept secret why is it
because we don't want people to know
that we know well that doesn't make
sense it's because we don't want people
to know how we know means and methods
that's what matters it would make more
sense from a national security
perspective as far as defense to
disclose every detail we know about that
aircraft so all of our allies can then
work on finding the weaknesses but we
don't really do that did we
we keep it secret because however that
information came to us is what's really
important that's what we're protecting
so with that in mind understand
everybody knows the means and methods
the fact that the president seeks expert
advice to use your term that's not a
that's not a secret
but I would also differ with that there
is no defense expert that advised the
President to withhold military aid from
a frontline ally in the middle of a war
to get political dirt on a domestic
rifle that didn't happen that did not
occur there is no defense expert that
gave that advice keeping something
secret for political purposes that's
antithetical to the idea of democracy
now let's go on to the idea that people
in the Trump administration are
concerned about national security I
differ with that as well the entire
record of the Trump administration
suggests otherwise from selling out the
Kurds to diverting funding from DoD to
pay for that vanity wall that everybody
says won't work degrading military
readiness selling out indigenous allies
selling out Kehoe eyes in Europe
none of this screams I care about
national security to me it doesn't even
make sense the objection is hollow
almost like it's political now I would
like to point out that this quote I
don't understand the need for a former
national security adviser to publish a
tell-all critical of the president he
served during a collection because it
might influence the election and all
that
this was written in an op-ed that Fox
News I I don't see the reason for a
chief of staff to write a tell-all about
the National Security Adviser he served
in the middle of an election campaign on
a partisan outlet it's almost like that
chief of staff is attempting to hand fox
news readers
I guess they exist talking points
because the truth hurts secrecy the very
word secrecy is repugnant in a free and
open society
john bolton has information that the
american people need to know whatever it
is let it come out
and let the chips fall where they may
come election time the fact that this
information is this concerning kind of
shows that it was wrong doesn't it that
if it could influence the election that
much then maybe it should anyway it's
just a fault y'all have a good night